Get to the course.
So in this lecture I'm just going to show you very quickly how we can put together a tablet version
of our marketing access panel or portal.
Tony I don't actually remember what the P stands for regardless so what you would just do is you would
go back to where all the prototypes we've been creating is new prototype.
Now here it's going to automatically set up what you want 7 inch 10 inch.
It doesn't particularly matter a 10 inch is what an iPad would be and a 7 inch would be something more
like one of those Nexxus tablets or something like that.
We're going to go a 10 inch and it doesn't again really matter all they're going to do is change the
canvas size for you and then we're actually going to change those.
So pick that.
OK so now let's label something similar.
So call it a p tablet.
Now all of my designs are currently in portrait meaning the iPad is sitting upright.
It's has thinner with taller height.
Some of you might get both those designs specifically Pinocchio handles that actually rather easily.
I can show you how we can add a basic interaction to it and it allows it to do.
Is that when we rotate the iPad or the tablet it will actually just shift the image so that it kind
of does an imitation of what a portrait or a landscape layout should be.
And for prototype purposes honestly that is really all you need.
So start off with the home page and then we'll go in and set the canvas to whatever we want it to be.
Right now it has its resolution at 768 by 12:28.
Now if you want to know what the iPad screen resolution is it's very simple actually you could just
Google it you just say iPad 2 portrait resolution.
Look at the 7 6 8 by 10:24.
So actually this is giving us a little bit too much height of course.
It doesn't really matter what the height is because you know you might have a page that scrolls on and
on and on.
So there shouldn't really be a limit to how tall it should be.
What will happen is that when you deploy it in your iPad you're actually just going to scroll through
it like you would a page.
So don't really worry about the height.
Just make sure that you're getting the width correct.
Now if you wanted to build this for say like iPad Mini you do the same thing and it's roughly There
you go it's the exact same thing.
You can check say the iPad 3.
Same thing same thing.
So not much has happened with those.
You can probably check other things like the Nexus tablet or say the Nexus 7.
See it gives us the Nexus 7 the Nexus 7 is thinner and not as tall would probably be the 7 inch that
they're referring to before.
We're not going to do this we're just going to focus on iPad OK.
So we are all set on this side.
Really all we need to do is just importer images.
Now this is typically how I do it.
Not always correct but that's how I do it.
So just import it.
This one's easy because it just fits.
We don't have to do any of that weird modification to fit our browser size
but other than that it looks fine.
OK.
So now what I get to do is that when I go back to multiply these now guys if you really kind of get
the gist from here going on out you can skip ahead.
You don't really need to follow along.
All actually in the editing of this lecture skip ahead quite a bit.
So you don't need to see every single step it's really the same thing I'm just using different images.
And then at the very end will deploy all of them and will see how they look on actual devices.
OK.
So I could add the three main ones.
Remember how we contact form and the Lightbox we just create them separately.
I'm going to go ahead and add all of the action areas like I would.
So this one always had back to the main page
we will make this stack you will go to the stack.
You
and each individual one of these.
Now I notice that it's cutting off the bottom of the page just slightly.
So I'm going to add some high.
See if I can recover that.
There you go.
Now that's actually what we wanted.
Then we'll add this and all changes to a pop up
OK so I added all the action areas.
I will spare you guys watching me add every single action area but I'm going to put them all together.
Now I'm going to show you really quickly how we can add the interaction such that when you tilt it will
correctly read like change the layout so you can see it in landscape and portrait.
It's actually a pretty cool trick.
So what you do is you want to select the main image since it's all images.
This is how you do it.
Now if you add individual icons and elements on the page you want to select all of them and you probably
just drag and drop like this inflect all.
In this case I can just grab the whole image because that's the only thing I have and then I'm going
to add interactions and list out all the interactions we already have.
These are all clicks and clicks and clicks and it even tells me and I can delete them this way.
So helpful.
Going to new interaction.
And then what I can do is I say so when the user and I have turns the device flips the device tilts
the device or shakes the device.
In this case you want it to turn.
So as we turn it then it should be able to recognize that flipping it flipping it will do is we will
want to display all the image upside down.
It's up to you whether or not you want to display that.
I typically just do turns the device so we'll turn this to landscape.
OK.
So that's really all you have to do it for somebody.
It gives you problems you can make it redundant.
You can say show this page.
So usually it's just when this happens then this happens.
So what I have is when the user turns that device and the direction they turn it to is turns to landscape.
Then you show this page and then what all would have to do is change the orientation of the image and
it will actually handle that for you if you want to have animation you can fade effect fade in from
bottom whatever really you want doesn't particularly matter.
You can Adoree action your reaction is after that happens you can have a chain of events that happen
if you didn't wanted to say Read change the way it looks and then say it goes back or plays a sound
or shows a system a letter or something or something doesn't particularly matter.
You can really kind of cake on these interactions the way you get to interactions on anything is the
same way you get to any of the modification information.
You just go here and sort of properties to interactions new interaction and you can inspect them.
OK.
So I will spare you having to watch me do this but that is how you handle mobile and tablet versions.
I will put together a portrait version of the mobile phone.
We don't necessarily need to watch that.
It's the same kind of concept and also the thing is that I don't believe that the horizontal will work
because the same image cannot just be rotated with the mobile phone.
So what we'll do with the mobile phone is just keep it portrait because I don't actually have any horizontal
images for that.
But if you're going to get this design did you really thought it was important to simulate rotating
your devices than it's very important that you get multiple designs designed.
Now it's not particularly expensive to do that.
I wouldn't really worry about it you would just say hey I need a portrait.
A portrait version for my mobile phone.
And then once they make that you say OK well now I need a landscape.
They're not really designing any new elements per se in some cases they might but in most cases they're
just taking the buttons they have shrinking them resizing them and putting them in different locations.
Now taking into consideration the different screen resolution so it shouldn't be too hard to do or expensive.
I wouldn't really worry about it but this is pretty much the end of creating our prototypes now and
the next lecture I will show you in real life what it looks like when I deploy it and we can kind of
just demo it really quickly to show you the functionality and talk about kind of what we can use these.